public support for gay marriage has increased at a rate of 1 to 1.5 points per year between 1998 and 2010, and its only getting faster!
Gods word also rebukes those who approve of those who practice homosexuality (Romans 1:32).
God calls Sodoms sin sexual perversion (Jude 1:7). Societies that remain in perversion (Sodom, Rome...) are on the road to destruction. 
God lists homosexual offenders among the wicked (1 Corinthians 6:9).  
Mallards have rates of male-male sexual activity that are 19% of all pairs in a population.
same-sex marriage would generate $billion yearly for the Fed for 10 years even after all the tax benefits: 2004 CBO report. 
In mating giraffes, nine out of ten pairings occur between males. 
legal same-sex marriage would lead to plural marriage, interspecies marriage, incest and pedophilia. 
homosexual behavior has been observed in close to 1,500 species: 1999 research review by Bruce Bagemihl
Limiting sex to procreation is unnatural. Several dolphins will bang it out with snouts, flippers, and blowholes! Let's just be happy.
22.75% of gay men have had sex with more than 100 partners according a 2006 sex survey by The Advocate
President Barack Obama announced on May 9, 2012 that he supports same-sex marriage.
54% of Americans would support a state law for legal same-sex marriage with 40% opposed: 2012 NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll
in 1996, only 25% of americans supported same sex marriage
People develop attitudes by observing behavior and deducing causes. Legalizing gay marriage would eventually be supported.
A May 8 2012 Gallup Poll showed plurality support for same-sex marriage nationwide, with 50% in favor and 48% opposed.
Same sex marriage opinions may appear very split, but its highly regional. Support is only in blue states. 
Tons of people were against racial integration, but it just takes a generation for people to adjust.
Families are the foundation of society: stability, predictability… this structure strengthens all other institutions. 
Legalizing gay marriage would vastly increase the number of gay couples in this country.
Catholics, Jews and ironically 70% of African-Americans are suddenly the new KKK? Something is wrong with this picture. 
Legality means no discrimination which means more children being raised without at least one biological parent. 
Eliminating the complementarity of the sexes in marriage weakens its essence. Gay activists admit as much.
SCOTUS justice Earl Warren said: freedom to marry is vital personal right essential to pursuit of happiness.
Marriage is 1049 federal legal rights in healthcare, citizenship, inheritence, alimony, bankruptcy, tax deductions, etc.
Our rights extend only to the property line of our own life. Gay marriage just doesnt really affect straight people. 
Same-sex marriage has been legalized in canada, and everything is still exactly the same.
Massachusetts legalizes in 2004 and had the lowest divorce rate in the country in 2008. It declined 21%.
Same sex benefits just to federal employees would cost the govt $1billion over 10 years: CBO Dec 2009.
Estimate of impact of legalization in NJ: $248 million over 3 years, 800 new jobs, $19 million in taxes.
legal in only 10 countries: Netherlands, Belgium, Canada, Spain, South Africa, Norway, Sweden, Argentina, Iceland, and Portugal. 
It is no one elses business if two men or two women want to get married. 
There is no such thing as traditional marriage. We have a long history of polygamy and prostitution. There is no natural.
Gay marriage is protected under Due Process and Equal Protections Clauses of the constitution. 
The term civil union stigmatizes gay couples and marks their relationships as second class. 
NYC Comptroller says legalizing would bring $142 million to city economy and $184 million to state over 3 years.
In the US, 100,000 children are waiting to be adopted. Marriage would make it easier for gay people to adopt. 
inPediatrics 2010 study: Gay parents raise as good or better adjusted children than heterosexual couples.
Interracial marriage was illegal in many states until 1967 SCOTUS. This is exactly the same.
Illegal gay marriage may have harmful psychological effects for gay people that already cost us.
NYT: a same-sex couple will incur an additional $41,196 to $467,562 in expenses over their lifetime.
American Anthropological Association: stable societies are in no way dependent on heterosexual marriage. 
Coverture, a womans rights and economic identity subsumed by her husband, was common in the 19th century. 
Legalizing gay marriage will not harm heterosexual marriages or family values.
The polyamory communities want to use the success of same sex marriage to further their agenda.
Gay marriage will inevitably lead to forcing religions to perform these marriages which is NOT separation of church and state.
If marriage is about reproduction, then infertile couples would not be allowed to marry. 
Supreme Crt Minnesota: marriage as a union of man and woman, involving procreation and family, is old as Genesis.
Marriage is already threatened with so much divorce and unwed parenting. Were losing ground as it is.
Same-sex marriage is a slippery slope to polygamy, incest, and bestiality
There has to be a reason that all of the worlds major religions oppose same-sex marriage. Maybe that should be reason enough.
People should not have their tax dollars used to support something they find wrong. 
Kids need a mother and a father. Gay marriage necessarily means more children raised without a mother AND a father.
Society doesnt have a vested interest in ANY relationship that doesnt involve children.
Gay parents are more likely to have gay children, so the phenomenon cannot be natural and healthy.
Gay marriage is not like interracial marriage, because you really cant change your skin color. 
Legalizing gay marriage will promote assimilation and ruin the uniquely gay culture that has been built over decades of ostracism.
The institution of marriage is sexist and oppressive; it should not be expanded but weakened.
Same-sex marriage increased acceptance and prevalence of single parenthood in Denmark, Sweden, and Norway.
Marriage was created to allow society to support heterosexual couples in procreation. Its not a right and no one deserves it.
Homosexual relationships are about gratification not procreation. Society doesnt need to support that. 
No ideology can erase from the human spirit the certainty that marriage exists solely between a man and a woman -Pope John Paul II
If a gay man or lesbian woman wants to get married, all they need to do is choose not to be gay and marry someone of the opposite sex. 
Kim Kardashian got divorced after 72 days, and were arguing that gay people are ruining the sanctity of marriage??
