soda limits are a great idea if its ok for restaurants to stop making money. What other industries might be affected by this!
Fat peoples medical costs are thousands more dollars per year. Like it or not, were all paying for that. 
soda restriction doesnt cover rich white people coffee and fruity drinks. This is classism/racism. 
A soda TAX is a much better idea because it also raises revenue
you can still get 32oz of soda if you want, youll just feel like a fatty with two cups. This is a smart nudge. 
People should drink less soda. Anything within reason that does that is worth it. 
high fructose corn syrup is crazy unnatural and causes a lot of the problems that we associate with soda. 
Soda is a distraction. Were fat because we eat too much and dont exercise enough. 
we should be promoting and encouraging healthy habits instead of limiting and punishing bad decisions
Portion sizes have exploded over the past 30 years. Incentivizing smaller sizes is just returning balance. 
Body doesnt know so many calories in soda, so after drinking you dont eat less at next meal. Thats why you get fat. 
NYTimes investigation says NYC soda PSAs are largely lies and fear tactic. Soda ban SHModa ban.
Soda companies are funding some of the research. It's clear. Soda is terrible for you, and we should do something. 
An increased price of soda would lead to a noticeable decrease in consumption.
People rebel. Restricting soda might make people drink even more of it.
Government regulating eating behavior crosses a fundamental line of liberty.
If government can regulate tobacco, they can regulate soda since both are serious health concerns.
dont you tell me what I cant put in my body!
if we restrict soda consumption, eventually people will get used to it and well all be better off for it in the long run. 
Step one: soda ban, step two: forces brussel sprouts, step three: robots. Personal liberty is too important for this. 
Americans are already reducing their soda intake without government involvement: 25% in recent years. 
